1- in the api there is no way to submit the quiz after the last question. the quiz is submitted only after the user has watched the video meant to double the XP. if he does not watch the video to double the XP then next level does not unlock but this should not happen. The next level should have unlocked if the user has answered the last question and is accuracy is more than 30 percent. you might need a new API for this - so plan accordingly. the video watching will double the XP which should be there as it is now.

2- in the server when a new user signs up or logins then his date is correct but his time is not according to indian local time - so change it. the date and time should be according to india.

3- in the server we have a feature to show online users count, but currently its not accurate and is random. i want to keep this feature with option to enable or disable. but i also want you to think and plan a strategy to get the actual users online. give me option to chose one of the two actual and fake online users and both should work on the same API from client side.

4- i am planning to give different set of questions for English Medium Students and Hindi Medium Students. while sign up the user will have option to select his medium along with other details. this medium can be changed by user anytime. in the question side, the levels and serial number will be same but questions different for English medium and Hindi medium students ie each question for each level will be marked with english or hindi or both. both will mean that this same question will be served to both the medium of students eg reasoning question. suppose the user has started a level 1 then it will check if the user is in hindi medium or english medium and server the appropriate question and mark the level as complete if he finishes it. then for level 2 the user has changed his medium then server him the questions in hindi for that level. and if that level has same ie both for english as well as hindi medium then serve that question. plan the necessary changes required in the APIs, Schema etc so that most of the exiting APIs are not changed. My suggestion is just add one option for each question - English, Hindi and Both. Check user preference and then fetch question with that from that particular level.

5- in videos, i think a dulpicate a video option will be helpful, so that same video can be shown in different levels as promotional or in lifeline. either give option to duplicate or multiple levels in same video.

Note - plan all these features, implementation with APIs and discuss with me first.